Chore: remove svn mention from Intro to Storybook (#370)
chromaui/learnstorybook.com: content/intro-to-storybook/angular/en/get-started.md

![Taskbox UI](/intro-to-storybook/ss-browserchrome-taskbox-learnstorybook.png)

<div class="aside">
If you want to modify the styling, the source LESS files are provided <a href="https://github.com/chromaui/learnstorybook-code/tree/master/src/style">here</a>.
</div>

## Add assets

To match the intended design, you'll need to download both the font and icon directories and place its contents inside your `src/assets` folder. Issue the following commands in your terminal:

```bash
npx degit chromaui/learnstorybook-code/public/font src/assets/font
npx degit chromaui/learnstorybook-code/public/icon src/assets/icon
```

<div class="aside">

> We've used <a href="https://github.com/Rich-Harris/degit">degit</a> to easily download folders from GitHub. If you want to do it manually, you can grab the folders <a href="https://github.com/chromaui/learnstorybook-code/tree/master/public">here</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use <a href="https://github.com/Rich-Harris/degit">degit</a> to download folders from GitHub. If you want to do it manually, you can grab the folders <a href="https://github.com/chromaui/learnstorybook-code/tree/master/public">here</a>.
```
